---
title: Privacy Policy
published: 2017-12-01
---

Thrive Global Holdings, LLC (“Company”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding
the Personal Data we collect from users of our website, located at
thriveglobal.com (the “Site”) and related online services (“Services”).

1. Questions; Contacting Company; Reporting Violations.  If you have any
questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data
collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security
violations to us, please contact us at the following address or phone number:
_Thrive Global Holdings, Inc.  Attn: Customer Support 100 Crosby Street, Suite
308 New York, NY 10012 1-888-700-8474_

2. User Consent.  By submitting Personal Data through our Site or Services,
you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to
the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this
Privacy Policy.

3.    A Note About Children.  We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from
      visitors who are under the age of 13.  If a child under 13 submits
Personal Data to Company and we learn that the Personal Data is the information
of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as
possible.  If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child
under 13, please contact us at 1-888-700-8474.

4.    A Note to Users Outside of the United States.  If you are a non U.S. user
      of the Site, by visiting the Site and providing us with data, you
acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes
identified in the Privacy Policy.  In addition, your Personal Data may be
processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries,
including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data
may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  By providing your data,
you consent to such transfer.

5.    Types of Data We Collect.  “Personal Data” means data that allows someone
      to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address,
telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information
about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.
“Anonymous Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your
Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of
individual persons.  We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described
below.

(a)    Information You Provide to Us.

We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, gender,
e-mail and mailing addresses, professional title, and company name.  If you tell
us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your
location), we may store and use that information to provide you with
location-based information and advertising.  If you provide us feedback or
contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as
any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.  When
you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile
information.  We may also collect Personal Data at other points in our Site that
state that Personal Data is being collected.  (b)    Information Collected via
Technology.

Information Collected by Our Servers.  To make our Site and Services more useful
to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider)
collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system,
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that is automatically assigned to
your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to
session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.  Log Files.  As
is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store
it in log files.  This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet
service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time
stamp, and clickstream data.  We use this information to analyze trends,
administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic
information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to
our users’ needs.  For example, some of the information may be collected so that
when you visit the Site or the Services again, it will recognize you and the
information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information
appropriate to your interests.  Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do
not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.  Cookies.  Like
many online services, we use cookies to collect information.  “Cookies” are
small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive
while you are viewing the website.  We may use both session Cookies (which
expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on
your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and
interactive experience on our Site.    This type of information is collected to
make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet
your special interests and needs.  Flash LSOs.  When we post videos, third
parties may use local shared objects, known as “Flash Cookies,” to store your
preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features.  Flash
Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of
data and how the data is stored.  Cookie management tools provided by your
browser will not remove Flash Cookies.  To learn how to manage privacy and
storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.
Google Analytics.  We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the
Site.  Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often
users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used
prior to coming to the Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics
only to improve our Site and Services. Google Analytics collects only the IP
address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or
other personally identifying information.  We do not combine the information
generated through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data. Although
Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you
as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the Cookie cannot be used by
anyone but Google.  Google’s ability to use and share information collected by
Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google
Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
6.    Use of Your Personal Data

(a)    General Use.  In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either
to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better.  We
use your Personal Data in the following ways:

identify you as a user in our system; provide improved administration of our
Site and Services; provide the Services you request; improve the quality of
experience when you interact with our Site and Services; send you a welcome
e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided; send you
administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance
advisories; respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or
other requests; make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of
secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback; and send newsletters,
surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for
other marketing purposes of Company.  (b)    Creation of Anonymous Data.  We may
create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such
as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  We use this
Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the
content of our Services and improve Site navigation.  We reserve the right to
use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties
in our sole discretion.

7.    Disclosure of Your Personal Data.  We disclose your Personal Data as
      described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.

(a)    Users.  We will share your Personal data with other Users solely for the
purpose of providing the Services.

(b)    Third Party Service Providers.  We may share your Personal Data with
third party service providers to:  provide you with the Services that we offer
you through our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to provide technical
support; and/or to provide other services to the Company.  These third party
service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to
provide the services requested by Company.

(c)    Affiliates.  We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our
parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common
control (“Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor
this Privacy Policy.

(d)    Corporate Restructuring.  We may share some or all of your Personal Data
in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition
or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture,
or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.  In the event of an
insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred
as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or
assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will
assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in
this Privacy Policy.

(e)    Other Disclosures.  Regardless of any choices you make regarding your
Personal Data (as described below), Company may disclose Personal Data if it
believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with
any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to
subpoenas or warrants served on Company; (c) to protect or defend the rights or
property of Company or users of the Site or Services; and/or (d) to investigate
or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this
Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.

8.    Third Party Websites.  Our Site may contain links to third party websites.
      When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave
our Site and go to another site, and another entity may collect Personal Data or
Anonymous Data from you.  We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be
responsible for, these outside websites or their content.  Please be aware that
the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or
content, or to any collection of your Personal Data after you click on links to
such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every
website you visit.  The links to third party websites or locations are for your
convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their
products, content or websites.

9.    Your Choices Regarding Information.  You have several choices regarding
      the use of information on our Service:

(a)    Email Communications.  We will periodically send you free newsletters and
e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or Services.  When you receive
newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference
to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the
opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in
the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact
information below).  Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you
service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of
Use or Privacy Policy.

(b)    Cookies.  If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept
Cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can
instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting Cookies or to
prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your
browser’s technical information. If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may
not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the
Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies,
please let us know at the contact information provided below.

(c)    Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data.  You may change any of your
Personal Data by sending an e-mail to us at [insert email address].  You may
request deletion of your Personal Data by us, and we will use commercially
reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be
required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information
for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only
after we have fulfilled such requirements).  When we delete any information, it
will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.  We
may also retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.

10.    Security of Your Personal Data.  Company is committed to protecting the
       security of your Personal Data.  We use a variety of industry-standard
security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from
unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  No method of transmission over the
Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore,
while Company uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data, Company
cannot guarantee its absolute security.

11.    Changes to This Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy may be updated from
       time to time for any reason.  We will notify you of any changes to our
Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here
www.thriveglobal.com/privacy and we will change the “Last Updated” date above.
You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
